besides these big lugs here waiting to
be taken away with strings on them
on the riverbank shantytowns have built
up around the illegal logging trade
this is one of those frontier towns
that's just all about logging so its
sprung up after the big fires that hit
Cali Montana in 1997 and really
completely destroyed this area which
meant then that illegal loggers could
move in and more easily pick their way
through what was left of the forest take
out big trees to sell illegally
downstream so it's a bit of a Wild West
Ham there are still a few people that
knew this place when it was pristine
rainforest
semmen and boosah have lived in this
valley all their lives when I was coming
in here I noticed that compared to the
other forests I've seen in Borneo there
aren't very many big trees here was it
always like that
do you still find many sambar deer
barking deer and wild boar Massimo down
the Mondavi by Yogi Jeong
look sorry too so I wondered if he could
tell me what kind of animals I could
expect to see in this area here yeah
there's one particular animal that used
to be common in this forest when salmon
was younger animals were plentiful and
he made his living from the forest as a
hunter-gatherer but living place to
nature it's dangerous and they also
attacked his brother and his brother
subsequently died okay if you did find a
crocodile
what would be the best weapon to use
like a very strange thing to say to a
man can know is do I have to make again
alright yeah what is the home village
but the lobby sorry - yeah no oh did I
get it further than he got it yeah even
if he's being reluctant with the phrase
she says I did a good